1) Test a report period that includes a transition from Standard Time to Daylight Savings Time 
	a. The transition occurs in the middle of the report period 
	b. The transition occurs on the first day of the report period 
	c. The transition occurs on the last day of the report period 
2) Test a report period that includes a transition from Daylight Savings Time to Standard Time
	a. The transition occurs in the middle of the report period 
	b. The transition occurs on the first day of the report period 
	c. The transition occurs on the last day of the report period 
3) Test a product that was initially added to the system during the reporting period (to make sure that the days before the product was created are not counted in the product’s statistics) 
	a. The product was added in the middle of the reporting period 
	b. The product was added on the first day of the reporting period 
	c. The product was added on the last day of the reporting period
4) Test a product that was initially added to the system before the reporting period (to make sure that the days before the reporting period are not counted in the product’s statistics) 
	a. The product was added many days before the reporting period 
	b. The product was added the day before the reporting period
5) Test report will only allow up to 100 months to be entered
	a. Input 100
	b. Input 99
	c. Input 101
6) Test a report period to handle February when leap year is not in reporting period
	a. February occurs in the middle of the report period
	b. February occurs as the last month of the report period
	c. February occurs as the first month of the report period
7) Test a report period to handle February when leap year is in the reporting period
	a. Leap Year February occurs in the middle of the report period
	b. Leap Year February occurs as the last month of the report period
	c. Leap Year February occurs as the first month of the report period
8) Test a report period to handle a Leap Year February and a regular February in same report period
	a. Leap Year February occurs as the first month of the report period 
	b. Leap Year February occurs in middle of report period after a regular February
	c. Leap Year February occurs in the middle of report period before a regular February
	d. Leap Year February occurs as the last month of report period
9) Test report period be greater than 0
	a. Input -1
	b. Input 0 
	c. Input 1
10) Test write access for reports
	a. Write to a location with no write access
	b. Write to a location with write access
11) Test report to contain correct Information
	a. For if there is one product
		i. Description is correct
		ii. Barcode is correct
		iii. Size is correct
		iv. 3-month Supply is correct
		v. Current/ Average Supply is correct
		vi. Min/Max Supply is correct
		vii. Used/Added Supply is correct
		viii. Shelf life is correct
		ix. Avg/ Max used age is correct
		x. Avg/ Max current age is correct
	b. If there is more than one product
	c. If there are no more products
12) Test report if handles non-Integers 
	a. Input 99.9
	b. Input 0.1
	c. Input 50.5
13) Test report with non-digits
	a. Input letters
	b. Input symbols
	c. Input other alphabet characters
14) Test report to output correct file type
	a. Request report in PDF 
	b. Request report in HTML
